Adding syntax prefix parsing to specific types instead of only string var (#4190)
directus/directus: docs/reference/environment-variables.md

	}
}
```

## Environment Syntax Prefix

Directus will attempt to automatically type cast environment variables based on context clues ([see above](#type-casting-and-nesting)). If you have a specific need for a given type, you can tell Directus what type to use for the given value by prefixing the value with `{type}:`. The following types are available:

| Syntax Prefix | Example                                          | Output                                           |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |

> | `string`      | `string:value`                                   | `value`                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `string`      | `string:value`                                   | `"value"`                                          |
```

	}
}
```

## Environment Syntax Prefix

> Environment variables are by default treated as string, however if a syntax prefix is specified the string value will be
> converted to a certain type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directus will attempt to automatically type cast environment variables based on context clues ([see above](#type-casting-and-nesting)). If you have a specific need for a given type, you can tell Directus what type to use for the given value by prefixing the value with `{type}:`. The following types are available:
```
